<details>
<summary>Q2</summary>

## Q2: What is the difference between `string` and `String`?

`string` is an alias for `System.String`. So technically, there is no difference. It's like `int` vs. `System.Int32`.

It's generally recommended to use `string` any time you're referring to an object, And use `String` if you need to refer specifically to the class.

```csharp
string greet = String.Format("Hello {0}!", place);
```
</details>

<details>
<summary>Q2-1</summary>

## Q2-1: What is Struct?

### Key Characteristics of Structs:

1. **Value Type**

2. **No Inheritance**:
   - structs do not support inheritance. A struct cannot inherit from another struct or class, and no class or struct can inherit from a struct. However, structs can implement interfaces.

3. **Default Constructor**:
   - Structs cannot have a parameter-less constructor (other than the one automatically provided by C#). The default constructor initializes all fields to their default values.

4. **Immutability**:
   - While structs can have mutable fields or properties, it's generally a good practice to make them immutable. This can be achieved by making all fields `readonly` and not providing setters for properties.

5. **Performance**:
   - Structs can be more performant than classes when you have small data structures that are frequently created and destroyed, as they are allocated on the stack and automatically removed when they go out of scope.

6. **When to Use**:
   - Use structs when you need a small, simple data structure, and you know that you won't need the overhead of object-oriented features like inheritance.

### Example of a Struct:

```csharp
public struct Point
{
    public int X { get; }
    public int Y { get; }

    public Point(int x, int y)
    {
        X = x;
        Y = y;
    }

    public void Display()
    {
        Console.WriteLine($"Point is at ({X}, {Y})");
    }
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Q2-2</summary>

## Q2-2: What is the difference between structs and classes?

- **Memory Allocation**: Structs are allocated on the stack, whereas classes are allocated on the heap.

- **Inheritance**: Structs do not support inheritance, while classes do.

- **Reference vs. Value**: Assigning a struct to a new variable copies the value, while assigning a class copies the reference.

Structs are best suited for small, simple data structures that don't require complex behavior or object-oriented features.

</details>

???
Where class stores?
Copy of classes?
Reference type vs valueType?
Difference between class and struct?
Is struct constructor mandatory?
stack vs heap?