<details>
<summary>Q5</summary>

## Q5: What you understand by Value types and Reference types in .Net? Provide some comparison.

In C# data types can be of two types: Value Types and Reference Types. For a value type, the value is the information itself. For a reference type, the value is a reference which may be null or may be a way of navigating to an object containing the information.
Value types - Holds some value not memory addresses. Example - Struct. A variable's value is stored wherever it is decleared. Local variables live on the stack for example, but when declared inside a class as a member it lives on the heap tightly coupled with the class it is declared in.
Advantages: A value type does not need extra garbage collection. It gets garbage collected together with the instance it lives in. Local variables in methods get cleaned up upon method leave.
Drawbacks:

When large set of values are passed to a method the receiving variable actually copies so there are two redundant values in memory.
As classes are missed out.it losses all the oop benifits
Reference type - Holds a memory address of a value not value. Example - Class. Stored on heap
Advantages:

When you pass a reference variable to a method and it changes it indeed changes the original value whereas in value types a copy of the given variable is taken and that's value is changed.
When the size of variable is bigger reference type is good
As classes come as a reference type variables, they give reusability, thus benefitting Object-oriented programming
Drawbacks: More work referencing when allocating and dereferences when reading the value.extra overload for garbage collector

</details>